The birch canoe slid on the smooth planks.
Glue the sheet to the dark blue background.
It is easy to tell the depth of a well.
These days a chicken leg is a rare dish.
Rice is often served in round bowls.
The juice of lemons makes fine punch.
The box was thrown beside the parked truck.
The hogs were fed chopped corn and garbage.
Four hours of steady work faced us.
A large size in stockings is hard to sell.

The boy was there when the sun rose.
A rod is used to catch pink salmon.
The source of the huge river is the clear spring.
Kick the ball straight and follow through.
Help the woman get back to her feet.
A pot of tea helps to pass the evening.
Smoky fires lack flame and heat.
The soft cushion broke the man's fall.
The salt breeze came across the sea.
The girl at the booth sold fifty bonds.  

Paint the sockets in the wall dull green.
The child crawled into the dense grass.
Bribes fail where honest men work.
Trample the spark else the flames will spread.
The hilt of the sword was carved with fine designs.
A round hole was drilled through the thin board.
Footprints showed the path he took up the beach.
She was waiting at my front lawn.
A vent near the edge brought in fresh air.
Prod the old mule with a crooked stick.  

Every word and phrase he speaks is true.
He put his last cartridge into the gun and fired.
They took their kids from the public school.
Drive the screw straight into the wood.
Keep the hatch tight and the watch constant.
Sever the twine with a quick snip of the knife.
Paper will dry out when wet.
Slide the catch back and open the desk.
Help the weak to preserve their strength.
A sullen smile gets few friends.

Dialect and accent collection volume 1
The north wind and the sun attributed to Aesop read for LibriVox.org by Sonja in a German accent.
The north wind and the sun were disputing which was the stronger, when a traveler came along wrapped in a warm cloak.
They agreed that the one who first succeeded in making the traveler take his cloak off should be considered stronger than the other.
Then the north wind blew as hard as he could, but the more he blew the more closely did the traveler fold his cloak around him; and at last the north wind gave up the attempt. Then the sun shone out warmly, and immediately the traveler took off his cloak. And so the north wind was obliged to confess that the sun was the stronger of the two.
End of text. This recording is in the public domain.